Rework the Basic usage section to be more explicit about ./ (#243)
CTSRD-CHERI/cheribuild: README.md

# Basic usage

> If you want to start up a QEMU VM running CheriBSD run `cheribuild.py run-riscv64-purecap -d` (-d means build all dependencies).

Author: I made this change so that the two commands given match stylistically in how they are presented from an English language point of view.  In the previous version we did not mention Morello and adding that caused me to reword this little section.

> If you want to start up a QEMU VM running CheriBSD run `cheribuild.py run-riscv64-purecap -d` (-d means build all dependencies).

Reviewer: Could just word the addition to match the existing style though? "If you would like the VM to use Arm's Morello ISA instead of CHERI-RISC-V use `cheribuild.py run-morello-purecap -d`."

> If you want to start up a QEMU VM running CheriBSD run `cheribuild.py run-riscv64-purecap -d` (-d means build all dependencies).

Author: I find it too passive, but, sure we can make it match.

> The `cheribuild.py` program is normally run from within the

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should just add something like
```
The commandlines given below assume that you have added cheribuild.py to your $PATH, if not you will have to change to the cheribuild directory and use `./cheribuild`?
```

Author: Does anyone add cheribuild to their path?  All the examples I see imply going in there and using ./ but I'm flexible on what we say.

Reviewer: I do, pretty sure Alex does, I think Alfredo does too. IMO it's the best way, I have ~/bin/cheribuild (and other prefixed ones that automatically pick up separate configs) symlinked to ~/cheri/cheribuild/cheribuild.py so I can just `cheribuild foo` wherever whenever without having to think.

Reviewer: I think the main reason the examples all use `./` on the website is because it removes a step and thus is a quicker onboarding experience (and gives us the "clone and run, that's it" marketing), but it's not the best experience long-term.

Reviewer 3: I symlink ~/cheri/cheribuild/cheribuild.py to ~/bin/cheribuild

Reviewer 2: I've also got a symlink to ~/bin (and a debug-cheribuild.py one that automatically selects debug-cheribuild.json)

> The `cheribuild.py` program is normally run from within the

Author: We can always do the PATH thing as @arichardson suggests above.  I happy to always cd into the cheribuild I want because I often have several at any given moment, but that may not be typical of our downstream users.

# Basic usage

In these examples the `cheribuild.py` program is run from within the
`cheribuild/` directory as `./cheribuild.py` with options following
the main command.  Please note the leading `./` before the command
name.  It is also possible to add the `cheribuild/` directory to your

> `PATH` or to link the binary somewhere such as in a `bin/` diretory of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PATH` or to link the binary somewhere such as in a `bin/` directory of
```

> your choosing.

Reviewer: Thanks, this new wording looks good to me; anyone who has a clue about Unix will read this and do what they want, and those who don't know what it means can ignore it and blindly follow the basic approach

> If you want to start up a QEMU VM running CheriBSD on top of the CHERI-RISCV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to start up a QEMU VM running CheriBSD on top of the CHERI-RISC-V
```
